Merge and update `about-ql-packs` with `about-codeql-packs` (#10105)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/codeql-cli/creating-codeql-query-suites.rst

.. pull-quote:: Note

>    Any custom queries that you want to add to a query suite must be in a :doc:`QL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Any custom queries that you want to add to a query suite must be in a :doc:`CodeQL
```

Author: Good catch.

     - query: <path-to-query>

  The argument must be one or more file paths, relative to the CodeQL pack containing
  the suite definition.

- A ``queries`` instruction---tells CodeQL to recursively scan a directory
  for ``.ql`` files::

   - queries: <path-to-subdirectory>

  The path of the directory must be relative to the root of the CodeQL pack that
  contains the suite definition file. To find the queries relative to a
  different CodeQL pack, add a ``from`` field::

   - queries: <path-to-subdirectory>
     from: <ql-pack-name>
     version: ^x.y.z

  The ``version`` field is optional and specifies a range of compatible versions of this CodeQL pack.

>   If the version is excluded, then the most recent version of the pack is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you don't specify a version, then the most recent version of the pack is used.
```

- A ``qlpack`` instruction---tells CodeQL to resolve queries in the default suite of the
  named CodeQL pack::

   - qlpack: <qlpack-name>
     version: ^x.y.z

  The default suite of a query pack includes a recommended set of queries
  inside of that query pack. Not all query packs have a default suite. If the given query pack does not
  define a default suite, the `qlpack` instruction will resolve to all of the queries within the pack.

  The ``version`` field is optional and specifies a range of compatible versions of this CodeQL pack.

>   If the version is excluded, then the most recent version of the pack is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you don't specify a version, then the most recent version of the pack is used.
```

    - import: <path-to-query-suite>

  The path to the imported suite must be relative to the CodeQL pack containing the
  current suite definition. If the imported query suite is in a different QL
  pack you can use::

    - import: <path-to-query-suite>
      from: <ql-pack>
      version: ^x.y.z

  The ``version`` field is optional and specifies a range of compatible versions of this CodeQL pack.

>   If the version is excluded, then the most recent version of the pack is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you don't specify a version, then the most recent version of the pack is used.
```

       - high
       - very-high

Add ``reusable-instructions.yml`` to the same CodeQL pack as your current query
suite. Then, in one or more query suites, use the ``apply`` instruction to apply
the reusable instructions to the current suite. For example::

  - queries: queries/cpp/custom
  - apply: reusable-instructions.yml

This will filter the queries in ``queries/cpp/custom`` to only include those that match the reusable conditions.

You can also create a suite definition using ``reusable-instructions.yml`` on

> queries in a different codeQL pack. If the ``.qls`` file is in the same CodeQL pack as

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
queries in a different CodeQL pack. If the ``.qls`` file is in the same CodeQL pack as
```
